== README

Steps to Launch this app:

* Ruby 1.9+ & Rails 4 installed

* cd panda

* bundle install   (to get dependancies from Gemfile)

* rake db:setup  or db:migrate:reset  (Database creation)

* rake db:seed   (Database initialization)

* rails runner lib/tasks/kegg_ETL.rb   (populate KEGG Pathways)




Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.



Notes from JP:
3. cursor in sortable table is "text" --> not easily doable...browser default behavor of tables.
5. Invalid Genes needs to be apart of the upload process. -> show notification and ask if it should keep the ones that worked or not?
    a. after upload - send message
    b. name file -> name of file + "unmapped"
    c. delete after they visit.
12. different terminologies for cytoscape pathways



complete
11. if there is only 1 user, the "data sharing" in the header should be Gray-out.
1. in no annotation exists, send user directly to new annotaion page.
9. shorten the 1st column on the index table
6. Default the annotation name -> to the file name.
4. select the annotation by default - NEED
2. add up/down icons for sortable table  (nice to have)
7. default name for enrichment should be the annotation name.
8. associate the enrichment to the annotation icon...but add a colored square around it.
10. remove the good/green boxes for uploading enrichment.
13. add help for custom pathways on the upload page.
14. Get rid of blue help box on custom pathways



SELECT COUNT(*) FROM genes;
+----------+
| COUNT(*) |
+----------+
|    33551 |
+----------+

                 SELECT COUNT(*) FROM gene_synonyms;
                 +----------+
                 | COUNT(*) |
                 +----------+
                 |    76580 |
                 +----------+

                 SELECT COUNT(DISTINCT(name)) FROM gene_synonyms WHERE define = 'Symbol';
                 +-----------------------+
                 | COUNT(DISTINCT(name)) |
                 +-----------------------+
                 |                 36058 |
                 +-----------------------+
                 1 row in set (0.34 sec)

                 mysql> SELECT COUNT(name) FROM gene_synonyms WHERE define = 'Symbol';
                 +-------------+
                 | COUNT(name) |
                 +-------------+
                 |       37412 |
                 +-------------+
